Give the player five traits:
    1) Dexterity
    2) Strength
    3) Health
    4) Arcana
    5) Stamina

At every level up, you gain X (suggested: 4) trait points (to be determined) where each trait point
allows you to level up one trait once. Levelling up a trait gives bonuses to related stats of that trait
(i.e. levelling up health increases the player's max health by some amount), but can also unlock
the use of certain items or abilities (see abilities section below). For example, progressing far enough
in the strength trait could allow you to wield heavier or stronger weapons or wear stronger armor.

Dexterity affects passive finding (capabilities of finding traps without using the find button), and active
finding (finding doors or traps with the find button) - incrementally increasing chance of those abilities finding
something if there is something to find.

Strength affects your damage when attacking and your capabilities of holding heavy/stronger weapons and wearing
stronger armor. Increases strength (and defense?) while also unlocking weapons and armor for the player to use.

Health only increases the player's max health.

Arcana increases the player's mana as well as unlocking certain magical objects and subcategories of those (spells,
specific wands/potions, etc.)

Stamina affects recovery rate - improves regeneration rate, decreases rate of hunger levelling, and
can provide benefits/immunity against sleep-related attacks/traps/monsters.

Abilities:

The player has two active slots and one passive slot.
Every other level, on level up, you will be presented with two abilities (can be either passive or active in nature).
The abilities presented to you come from a weighted pool (weights calculated based on the compatibility with the stats
you have been upgrading). The player then selects one of these two abilities, and adds it to one of their slots,
overriding what was in the slot. If the ability slot was already taken the old ability is gone. The player does not
have to choose one of the new abilities given to them.

Smaller notes:
    1) Cut rings - remove from game
    2) Lower the number of monsters, make each monster more interesting
    3) Add guard movement type that defends a specific entity or location
    4) Change generation to include more interesting entity spawning (i.e. treasure zoos)
    5) Redo UI/Inventory management so that held weapon/worn armor piece are more easily communicated
    6) Generally add tooltips to things, perhaps progress bars for health that can be hovered to indicate
        max health and current health.
    7) Add ranged weapons, figure out a better way of using them than opening inventory and "using" an arrow.
    8) Achievements?